Camping
Camping is an outdoor recreational activity. The participants (known as campers) leave urban areas, their home region, or civilization and enjoy nature while spending one or several nights outdoors, usually at a campsite. Camping may involve the use of a tent, caravan, motorhome, cabin, a primitive structure, or no shelter at all. In many parts of the world, camping refers exclusively to the use of tents or similar portable structures. Camping as a recreational activity became popular in the early 20th century. Campers frequent national or state parks, other publicly owned natural areas, and privately owned campgrounds. Camping is a key part of many youth organizations around the world, such as scouting. It is used to teach self-reliance and teamwork. Camping is also used as a inexpensive form of accommodation for people attending large open air events such as sporting meetings and music festivals. Organizers often provide a field and other basic amenities. Information on this page is from Wikipedia Camping

Definition
 
Camping describes a range of activities. Survivalist campers set off with little more than their boots, whereas recreational vehicle travelers arrive equipped with their own electricity, heat, and patio furniture. Camping is often enjoyed in conjunction with activities, such as: canoeing, climbing, fishing, hill walking, mountain biking, motorcycling, swimming, and whitewater kayaking. Camping may also be combined with hiking, either as backpacking or as a series of day hikes from a central location.

Specialized Camping
Adventure camping is a form of camping by people who race (possibly adventure racing or mountain biking) during the day, and camp in a minimalist way at night. They might use the basic items of camping equipment such as a micro-camping stove, sleeping bag, and bivouac bag.

Glamping (glamorous camping) is a growing global phenomenon that combines camping with the luxury and amenities of a home or hotel. Also called boutique camping, luxury camping, posh camping or comfy camping, glamping allows travelers to experience nature without the hassle of finding camp space, carrying their tents, and erecting and taking down their own tents. Lodgings at a glamping sites (glampsites) include structures such as yurts, tipis, pods, bell tents, safari tents, tent cabins, and tree houses. Glampsites range in price from as little as $50 per night to thousands of dollars per night, depending on the level of luxury. Sites offer amenities such as fresh bed linens, en suite washrooms, food service, private verandas, and, most importantly, direct access to the great outdoors.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

List of Common Equipment
Tent 
Mallet to drive tent stakes into the soil 
Sleeping pad or air mattress to be placed underneath the sleeping bag 
Lantern or flashlight 
First Aid Kit 
bandaids 
antibiotic cream 
adhesive tape 
splints 
Cooler containing food 
Page formatted by - Your Name
